Nice, so we're able to put tap in the middle of our card, which in this case is a circle.
Now we want to make sure that this tap here or actually this whole card when it's tapped or clicked,
something happens to want to make this whole composable, this whole widget here clickable.
How do we do that?
Because remember, this is just a card.
If you have over, you see, there's no on click event that we can pass directly.
But here's the thing.
Because of modifier, we can actually invoke a clickable event.
Look at this.
If I say dot clickable, I can make anything clickable.
If I hit, enter can see now we have another trailing lineberger.
Here is where we actually add the event.
Here is where we captured the clickable event.
In fact, if I just come here and I want to log out just for testing purposes, I can say Log D can
see you have an option of creating a lock and enter.
Then there is this code completion.
So for a logged four log debug, we need to pass here a tag and say, tap like this circle a sandwiches
circle, tap like that.
So now if we run this, we should be able to.
When this whole entity, this whole widget is tapped, we should get this message.
We can also deploy this specific preview here.
Own to device by clicking this button there.
So right click there, actually.
Let's look at her emulator, and we should see, hopefully soon.
Something let's go ahead and just good code so we can save some space.
They would go it's very small, can make it this little bit bigger, so you can actually see they're
very small, but there it is.
Now let's see if this works.
I'm going to open LOLCat and I put tap here for Orange Rejects.
So if you tap, you can see says tap there.
So each time it tap, it's going to show.
You can see all of the taps are being shown there.
All right, so it's working.
All we had to do is just to through our modifier to say we want this car to be clickable.
And when that happens, we want, in this case, a message that says Create Circle Tap, which is exactly
what you see.
OK, so as you can see, when we run it, it's really small.
Want to make a little bit bigger?
Let's maybe make this one hundred and five.
There we go.
It's really large.
The other thing we can do because it's a card, if you have over again, you see we have this elevation.
So this elevation, what it will do will elevate the button so that we have a contrast between the button
and the background.
Because as you see here right now, it's very minimal the contrast.
So hover over it to make sure we know exactly where that.
So any time after our shape, we can add elevation.
So we have modifier there and we have shape.
I'm going to just put here the what I'm going to say elevation.
And give it a bath for that deep like this.
All right.
Let's go ahead.
We can stop this if we want it and go back to split mode and make this that size in the sky and refresh,
we should see some differences there.
Right there it is, it's hard to see us go ahead and just run altogether on an animal later, hopefully
we can see.
Aha!
Now you may ask, OK, what's going on here?
Why is that we don't see anything on Amelia.
Remember earlier we actually created or clicked the blog preview, which just deployed this not necessarily
the app.
So that is a distinction.
Another thing here you remember that we still constructing our circle here and we have in a preview
mode for this create circle.
We're not calling it anywhere.
So if I call it inside of my app because my or my app is being called inside of us, that content that
should work.
So here I'm going to say, create a circle like that.
Now, if I run, I should be able to see that circle.
Huh.
There we go.
There is our circle, the circle is not what we're expecting, but it's OK, we'll fix that.
So what's happening here is that because in our my app here, we have a surface and we are saying fill
max height and fill max width.
So the circle now is taking up the entire space where there's nothing else inside of this surface.
We'll fix that.
But nonetheless, you can see now that there is a distinction between the background and the button
because we added that elevation.
Here, so the bigger the elevation, the more contrast you will have.
OK?
Can see at the bottom here.
Actually, it's probably better.
There's some sort of shadow happening there.
OK, now if you click, you can see how this will work, if you go back to LOLCat, can see that Tap
has been working each time you tap, everything still works.
All right, so next, we need to tackle this problem we're having here, which is it's taking up the
whole space, which is exactly what we told the surface to do.
But that's not what we want.
Want the button to hopefully be in the middle of the screen.
So I want you to think about this.
What would be a way for us to make it so that this button is in the middle of the screen?